hey guys welcome to my channel welcome
to this video in this video we're
talking about top 25 idioms they make
you sound more natural more American in
fact Americans and British people and
native English speakers are using a lot
of idioms and sometimes it just get
confused because they don't make sense
if you translate them word to word
so you just have to know the meaning
that stands behind those phrases and
we're gonna learn them today so if
you're interested in sounding more like
an American or a British person please
continue watching this video and the
first grace is feed around the bush and
if you again translated word into word
it means like beating something and run
around bushes I don't know whether that
makes sense at all but the actual
meaning is not speaking directly and
avoiding the main topic beating around
the bush a good example is sometimes
you're watching a video by some vlogger
and he names the video I got married and
then he's talking about anything but his
marriage and you're like come on stop
beating around the bush get to the topic
medium number two is the best of both
worlds sometimes when we go into a
Chinese or Japanese restaurant here in
America people say it has the best of
both worlds so it has the best Asian
food and probably like American desserts
or something best of both worlds I like
that in the meaning of this idiom is it
has all the advantages another idiom is
bite off more than you can chew and it
if you if you translate a word to word
it actually makes sense it means taking
up a lot of responsibilities that you
cannot really handle like sometimes I
think I'm fighting more than I can chew
because I have my business I have my
blog I have a second vlog I have my
studies but in the end of the day I
realized this is something I enjoy and I
want to continue doing this I've bitten
off more than I can chew
you know blessing in disguise is another
idiom and it means that something is bad
at first sight but it's actually good
good example of that is imagine that
you're not accepted into the University
of your dreams cry about it but then in
two months you get a job of your dreams
which is even better because you go into
practice or in my case where we're not
able to raise money for
lengua trip in Russia first take it easy
this is a blessing in disguise
but then Silicon Valley investors
invited us and gave us better terms than
Russian ones and I think that was a
blessing in disguise next idiom can't
judge a book by its cover that's obvious
like don't judge people by the way they
look so the appearance is not the main
factor that you should use you cannot
charge something primarily on their
appearance but never judge a book by its
cover you know give the benefit of a
doubt and this means believing somebody
stated without any proof and for example
when you fall in love you tend to
believe you're a loved one and you don't
look for any proof and you can always
use this phrase I'm gonna give you the
benefit of the doubt
next idiot in the heat of a moment and
doing something in the heat of a moment
means that you are overwhelmed by what's
going on around you and you do something
stupid and then you regret it but then
you have an excuse because you were in
the moment something was going on
you just couldn't help but I don't know
scream at somebody or I don't know say a
bad word swear I don't know but that
happened because you were distracted by
something else the heat of the moment
the next one is my favorite kill two
birds with one stone and if you watched
my previous videos about ten ways you
can improve your spoken English I was
talking about one of those methods when
you can kill two birds with one stone
and this means learning your favorite
subject in English like I am studying
filmmaking right now in an
english-speaking environment and I'm
killing two birds with one stone first
bird is filmmaking I'm learning my
favorite subject second bird is English
I'm practicing it every day when you're
intermediate go ahead and switch on a
YouTube video of a subject that you
really love and kill two birds with one
stone
the next idiom let the cat out of the
bag
this means reveal information that was
previously concealed for example your
friends started dating another friend
and he asks you not to tell anybody
and then you accidentally post a story
on your Instagram with them kissing and
this means you let the cat out of the
bag it just let the information spread
and your friend is really upset the next
idiom I've heard it here a couple of
times and this is mr. boat which means
miss the chance when you had an
opportunity to go somewhere or do
something and you just skipped on it
somebody can tell you oh you missed the
boat we're not going to San Diego
another time this year and you missed
the strip so you missed the boat leo
missed the boat with you baby once in a
blue moon we can say this about an event
that happens really rarely like once in
a blue moon once in a blue moon is
another idiom and it means something
happens really really and I would say
meeting a celebrity in LA it happens too
once in a blue moon you don't really see
them walking around though all of the
actors live here and even one of the
best entrepreneurs Elon Musk lives in LA
but it's not like they're just walking
around you don't really see them I
haven't really met a celebrity here I
mean like local American celebrity in
the United States I mean I made a couple
of Russian celebrities but that wasn't
purpose but Americans ah no next idiom
take with a grain of salt this means not
taking something that somebody says too
seriously so for example somebody tells
you you will never get into the
University of your dreams in America
don't even dream about America you'll
never get there take this with a grain
of salt because those people don't know
what they're talking about they not go
through your life they don't have the
same experiences don't just believe them
like that okay they might have their own
truth yes it's gonna be difficult it's
gonna be tough but it's up to you great
things happen and believe in yourself
this is a great example right take
everything that you're sad with a grain
of salt like go ahead
and that be up in the air the uncertain
or unsure you thought you might be going
to cinema with your friends but it's
still up in the air because everyone is
still busy with a homework or with their
jobs you're not sure whether you're
going to the cinema in the evenings by
the way in America you would say movie
theater in Great Britain you would say
cinema the next one steps somebody in
the back and this means somebody was in
your circle he was a good friend and
then you betrayed him when he wasn't
looking and when he was trusting you and
this is a bad thing to do stab someone
in the back lose your touch means lose
your ability or talent to deal with
certain things the way used to deal
before so for example somebody was a
good singer and then his voice just
disappeared and you can say he's lost
his touch in singing so he's no longer
great your touching they go sit tight
sometimes people tell you sit tight like
it's gonna happen
which means sit tight and take no action
like you've passed your exams you've
submitted your application now just sit
tight and wait like there is nothing
else you can do you just need to wait
from those universities
there is nothing you have to do right
now you just have to sit tight and wait
for those universities to reply face the
music this is an idiom I've learned one
who is preparing for this video because
I haven't really heard it in
conversations here but then I remembered
Kenny Perry's song it's time to face the
music I'm no longer your muse do you
remember that face the music means face
the reality let's face the reality I'm
no longer your muse so you're no longer
in love with me rule of thumb this is
something I hear all the time so thumb
is your finger and rule of thumb is a
general rule that has no scientific
proof my filmmaking course and they say
like rule of thumb you put the aperture
at 4.0 or whatever when it's daylight
but that was super special but the rule
of thumb you brush your teeth twice a
day it's actually scientifically proven
but you can still use that so rule of
thumb remember that oh you're gonna hear
it everywhere in the state's general
rule of thumb the next one if you want
to compliment somebody you can tell them
you look like a million dollars this
doesn't mean that somebody who looks
like a pile of money it means that
somebody looks amazing really polished
and you can say you look like a million
dollars get over something and this
means you are no longer emotionally
affected by something it is no longer
letting you down and again when you're
talking about relationships when
somebody broke up with somebody split up
with your boyfriend and in a couple of
months you forget and this means you've
got over him it's it's over you're not
crying about him anymore
crunch time this is something that is
happening to me now and crunch time
means time when the deadline is
approaching and everybody has to work
really hard because you need to finish
everything in this period of time
why this is happening to me right now
because I have to start filming my final
project and I have to discuss my script
with a lot of people and I have to
finish the script so I've been working
really hard in the last couple of days
but I'm hoping that my final project
would be really nice and I'm going to
show it to you guys
fingers crossed the next idiom get out
of hand
and this means lose control of something
I am like this person who loves to sing
all the time there is another song that
just came to my mind this crazy world is
getting canned
so tell me why you fail to understand
get out of hand means lose control of
things get out of your system is an
idiom that means you do something that
you really wanted to do for a long time
but haven't found time for it's about
starting a YouTube channel learning
English going to London for two weeks to
practice your English just get this out
of your system find time do it mark it
on your to-do list and then you're free
I am getting this filmmaking course out
of my system right now because I wanted
to do it for so many time and I just
couldn't follow it to find time and yeah
this is it you'd better get this all out
of your system right no the last one is
hang in there oh wait and be patient now
when you're setting a foreign language
sometimes you feel like there is no
progress and everybody's speaking so
fast I'm not getting what's going on but
I tell you what just hang in there
everything that you listen to like every
single video is in your head and
sometimes we just do not realize how
powerful our brain is and when you will
come to an english-speaking environment
somehow the words will just come out of
your mind
human brain is amazing we memorized a
lot of things but we use only like 10%
of them but in a stressful situation the
brain starts working and actually using
a hundred percent of its maybe not
hundred percent but a lot of its ability
so I guarantee you everything that you
do it really works so hang in there wait
for the next video please like this
video if you liked it please support me
with your likes and please let me know
down in the comments below whether there
was some idiom that you've heard that
didn't really make sense and you were
like what is he talking about and then
you realize it's actually an idiom
and it has a completely different
meaning so please comment them down
below because I'm definitely making the
second part of this video sometime in
the future and I will include the words
that you mentioned some looking forward
to getting your comments don't forget to
subscribe to this channel there's thread
button just click it and this way you're
not going to miss my next video which is
going to be another great lesson
hopefully in English ok thank you so
much for watching this up to the end
I'll see you soon
hi from California - Mele and thank you
bye
[Music]